Fixed grammar, missing comma (#263)
rust-unofficial/patterns: intro.md

## Design patterns in Rust

There are many problems that share the same form.

> Due to the fact that Rust is not object-oriented, design patterns vary with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the fact that of Rust not being object-oriented, design patterns vary with
```

Better like this?

Author: Adding `of` doesn't make sense grammatically and `being` doesn't help here although it's not *incorrect*. 

Really, the phrase `Due to the fact that` is wordy. The sentence can be reworded to read:
> Since Rust is not an object-oriented language, design patterns vary with [...]

Reviewer: Ok :)
